stuff all by a final of four to two here
tonight as the Denver cutthroats split
the two games and Al pisano Lansbury's
skating around in the corners if they
want to go to finish tonight and now so
pushing it shove it in the air corner
Schumacher and brown are pushing it show
and here comes lending to join that
raucous Paesanos being control these
one-on-one with one of the linesman you
can't stop them with one why's that if
he gets upset so they pull away from
there pushing and shoving this game is
officially in the books still some
talking from London and Sudak now along
the half wall and lemon wants to go if
they'd let him
Paisano is going to escape back over
after the inner lines it comes to help
and here comes Paisano
now Paisano wants to talk to Schumacher
or even if Schumacher's held it off from
the backside and now we've got some
flank going on Brown and as Maria it's a
classic and upfront price honor down on
the ice every gesture rare Louis pushing
and shoving a note Sol just hanging on
for dear life
it's a pushin and shovin it now they're
just got back out Brown out and out as
we're fighting the core and browns later
lap now Paisano from top he's swinging
infected tests are holding on for dear
life accomplishing Celeste and a kick
though it's just a man on the ice by the
cheese
Paisano continues to pound away Brown in
the fight as well Schumacher is done as
he lays on the ice training out to watch
F Codd we finally pulled off with Gaston
applies on ou still playing around with
Chester we're all out there and finally
it's all broken up laying on the ice now
Michael Schumacher
he's with the trainer but sure players
on the far side apothecaries about ready
to jump over the boards Paisano is still
on the ice now has very jumps back on
the ice he's only been help to the bench
if brownies still only ice is wrong
Paisano finally showed back into his own
bench neither team has left their
respective areas and they're both gonna
be about 30 feet for each other we'll
get back by the locker Oh
Schumacher still down on the ice being
looked at by the Denver trainer that's
rusty green and he heads over to his
bench and it looks like the chill are
gonna add to their locker room as well
as they lose by a final of 42 is it
eight to get rolling here this postgame
show now Jamie rivers and deer at
Armstrong parking at each other to the
glass as well and rivers serves in this
place and says get out of here
good thing they got a pane of glass up
between the two adventures don't we
might see whoever's an Armstrong about
it link is still out on the ice for the
chiller now the cutthroats are skating
ounces sinner eyes I think they're just
going out to pick up the pads of his fix
that are on it looks like cooler heads
have prevailed and finally everybody
heading back to the locker overs again
picking up some trash out there